[Music]
worried about the inspection of your
damaged vehicle
with icici lombard by your side you no
longer have to play the waiting game you
can start your inspection right away
customer ease is always the top priority
at icici lombard so we have replaced the
need for a physical survey with i'll
take care apps instaspect
through instaspect you can get instant
inspection of your vehicle via a video
call with your surveyor
download the app and start your
instaspect
you only have three things to keep in
mind make sure you stand next to your
damaged vehicle
use a good pair of headphones for audio
clarity
make sure you have good network coverage
open the il take care app select claims
and tap on the policy number the app
will prompt you to initiate the survey
select instant survey to connect with
your surveyor
the surveyor will take you through the
inspection process and to assess the
extent of the damages during this
process your documents will also get
verified
the outcome of instaspect is instant
approval
get full access to the motor claim
process starting from intonation
document upload
instaspect and real-time tracking of
your claim status with a simple download
of il take care app
click to know more